# Encryption-Operation-Project
It is trivial that when two or more people communicate through a channel, the underlying framework must protect the data that is being sent among communicating people. This process can be done by the usage of cryptographic algorithms. Cryptographic algorithms consist of two parts: encryption and decryption. Encryption is the process of transforming a clear message (called plaintext) into unintelligible form (called ciphertext). Decryption is the reverse operation that converts the ciphertext into the original plaintext. In your program, you will implement a simple encryption algorithm as explained in this section (decryption is not part of the homework; but if you want, you can implement it for crosscheck purposes).

To encrypt a given message, your program processes the message using its character (ASCII) codes. For each such character (represented as unsigned char), your program should permute the bits according to the transformation rule, and make a XOR operation with the corresponding character of the key, which is an input entered by the user.

For illustration purposes, we will encrypt character ‘b’. Its ASCII code is 98 (decimal). The corresponding character of the key entered from the keyboard is, say ‘e’ and its ASCII code is
101 (decimal). First of all, we permute the character to be encrypted (here ‘b’) according to the permutation function (denoted as P) below. After that, we make a bitwise XOR operation between the key (here ‘e’) and the permuted plaintext. Then, the result of the bitwise XOR operation generates the ciphertext character for ‘b’ as follows.

The encryption of the data, which contains several characters, is performed character by character. First, you permute the bits of the first character of the plaintext. Then, you make bitwise XOR operation between the permuted character of the plaintext and the first character of the key (given by the user) and end up with the corresponding ciphertext character. Then you continue with the next character of the plaintext and the next character of the key, and do the same operations. This process lasts until you run out of all the characters in the plaintext data. When you use all of the characters of the key, you will return to the beginning of the key string and continue to perform encryption operation. In other words, the characters of the key
Plaintext
Odev bitti mi?
